README.md, before:

# Plex Rating Tag Sync

Set the Plex user rating for all tracks in a music library to match the metadata tag (ID3v2, etc) rating.

You need to obtain your Plex token and the section umber of the library to update.

See: https://support.plex.tv/articles/204059436-finding-an-authentication-token-x-plex-token/

## Sync from Metadata Tag to Plex User Rating

This mode will read the popularity field from the metadata tag and write it into Plex's user rating field.

```sh
Usage:
  PlexRatingTagSync sync-to-plex [options]

Options:
  --plex-host <plex-host> (REQUIRED)              Plex server hostname and port.
  --plex-token <plex-token> (REQUIRED)            Your Plex token.
  --library-section <library-section> (REQUIRED)  Section number for the music library.
  --modified-days <modified-days>                 Only sync files modified within this many days. [default: -1]
  -?, -h, --help                                  Show help and usage information

Example:
  sync-to-plex --plex-host 10.11.1.201:32400 --plex-token [REDACTED] --library-section 5 --modified-days 1
```

## Sync from Plex User Rating to Metadata Tag

This mode will read Plex's user rating field and write it into the popularity field from the metadata tag.

Not implemented yet.

Commit message:

Add mode to list library sections

README.md, after:

# Plex Rating Tag Sync

Set the Plex user rating for all tracks in a music library to match the metadata tag (ID3v2, etc) rating.

You need to obtain your Plex token and the section number of the library to update.

See: https://support.plex.tv/articles/204059436-finding-an-authentication-token-x-plex-token/

## List Library Sections

Print a table of libraries and the section key for use with the other modes.

```sh
Usage:
  PlexRatingTagSync list-library-sections [options]

Options:
  --plex-host <plex-host> (REQUIRED)    Plex server hostname and port.
  --plex-token <plex-token> (REQUIRED)  Your Plex token.
  -?, -h, --help                        Show help and usage information
```

## Sync from Metadata Tag to Plex User Rating

This mode will read the popularity field from the metadata tag and write it into Plex's user rating field.

```sh
Usage:
  PlexRatingTagSync sync-to-plex [options]

Options:
  --plex-host <plex-host> (REQUIRED)              Plex server hostname and port.
  --plex-token <plex-token> (REQUIRED)            Your Plex token.
  --library-section <library-section> (REQUIRED)  Section number for the music library.
  --modified-days <modified-days>                 Only sync files modified within this many days. [default: -1]
  -?, -h, --help                                  Show help and usage information

Example:
  sync-to-plex --plex-host 10.11.1.201:32400 --plex-token [REDACTED] --library-section 5 --modified-days 1
```

## Sync from Plex User Rating to Metadata Tag

This mode will read Plex's user rating field and write it into the popularity field from the metadata tag.

Not implemented yet.
